hi my name is Miguel from avoid eros net
in this tutorial I'm going to be showing
you guys how to dual boot Windows 8 with
Linux Mint 13 cinnamon now to do this I
need to create a partition in Windows 8
so I'm gonna bring back the computer
icon to the desktop so I can make it
easy to navigate so just right click
personalize change the desktop icon
control panel computer user files
Network apply okay perfect now have
computer in my desktop now right-click
manage this management and now here I
only have one Drive which I'm going to
partition for the Linux Mint 13 cinnamon
so just right-click shrink volume now
here tells me the available shrink space
and the amount of space I'm gonna use
I'm not gonna use the full amount 25
gigs I'm just gonna use 10 gigs so it's
it's in Meg's 10,000 Meg's and then
click on shrink perfect I have created
my 10 gigs partition for my Linux Mint
13 cinnamon now place the disc in the
drive and restart Windows 8 when you
restart Windows 8 you should see
something like boot from CD or DVD if
you don't see that I have a link in the
description box that can help you change
the boot sequence on your computer so
you can successfully boot out of the
Linux Mint 13 Cinnamon disc here it is
press the Enter key
now here click on install Linux Mint
select the language continue now this
here is just telling you that you need
at least 5 gigs or more and that is
connected to the Internet
installation type select something else
continue and now here we we can see the
free space that we created in Windows 8
select it and then click on add now
we're going to create a swap file so
make sure it's logical and at least 10%
of the partition this case is a thousand
Meg's perfect make sure it's at the
beginning use pass drop-down and select
swap area perfect ok now we have the
swap area now we're going to use the
remainder of the partition for Linux so
select the free space add this time the
partition is primary I'm going to use
the full amount for my Linux and the
location beginning use pass ext for
journaling mount point select root
perfect ok
alright now select the partition ext4
and then click on install now
select your time zone your keyboard
layout
now here type your name password logging
automatically this is up to you continue
if you want to import any account you
can do so just check mark and continue
I'm not gonna do that so now it's gonna
install Linux Mint 13 cinnamon I'm gonna
fast-forward this a little bit perfect
now it comes up with this menu I can
choose what I want Linux Mint or Windows
8 I'm gonna select Windows Mint to
finish the installation
Linux Mint installed successfully and
I'm gonna restart and see if I can go
into my windows 8 thank you for watching
this video my name is Miguel if you have
any questions please feel free to post
them in the comment section below
thank you
you